All right, stop right there. Let's roll that back.
- That one bit.
to stop monkeying around.
- Kenny's cutting in.
No, that's all right, Ken. We're good over here.
We're cool.
- We're good. Sit back down.
Oh. Guy, let me take this.
If there's one thing I know,
- it's monkey business.
Clarence, can you come in here? I'd love
to show you something.
Take a break, Alan.
I... I just wanna get some fresh eyes on it.
I want you to watch this.
Tell me what you think.
Oh yeah. Is that right?
Do you have a special relationship
- with monkeys, do you? - Well, you know
I got people in Atlanta.
-And they all love Skittles,
red...
- You think that bit's funny? - Well, the audience
seems to like it.
Yeah. What... What is it
about him that's funny?
stupid white people that
just say anything
and they do anything
and they just funny.
How are the grandkids?
Well, thank you for asking,
Mr. Young.
- They're doing great.
- Oh, good, good.
- Can you send them a message for me?
- Sure.
Yeah. Can you tell them that grandpa has
a terrible sense of humor
and that he laughs at the
stupidest fucking shit ever.
And that's why there won't be any gifts under the
Christmas
tree this year from Grandpa.
I don't understand.
What are you talking about?
- You don't understand?
- No.
You're fired!
Get the fuck outta here.
- You're crazy.
Oh! A soccer ball.
What a nice gift from
Aunt April and Uncle Kenny.
Feliz cumpleaos,
you little motherfucker.
this gift, Kenny.
He's going to enjoy it a lot.
Thank you so much...
It-it... it's cool.
It's fine. We get it.
He likes it. That's great.
Who wants so more nachos? Hey, kids.
Y'all want some nachos?
No. I don't think they want any more nachos.
I think they're really tired.
And I gotta be honest,
I got a headache.
- Oh, a headache, huh?
- Yeah.
Oh, isn't that convenient.
Huh.
I don't really know what you have to be
so unhappy about, April. -
You got beautiful children,
a wealthy husband,
loving friends.
We don't have any friends,
you see?
- You've driven everybody away.
What's Stevie's family,
chopped liver?
They might not be hipsters
like Gene and Dixie,
but that doesn't make them
less of people, all right?
- I'm gonna throw you a hail mary right now.
- Uh-huh.
If there's anything that can turn your mood
around, maybe it's this.
My good friend, blackie, would like to take you
anywhere you wanna go.
Wash away your worries
and go hang out with blackie.
Let me tell you something. I don't give a shit
about the money.
If you do not help with this marriage
and wanna work on it,
and give the best effort
possible,
- then we're gonna have to look at other options.
- Other options?
- Yeah. - Hmm. What would those be,
maybe divorce?
- No. That's not what I want.
- No, no.
That seems like what you're hinting at. So let's
walk that one through.
So we get divorced,
I split.
And then we get another
jackoff to come in here
and support the whole entire family like I do.
That sounds great.
How about this roller-skating
nerd right here?
Welcome to Jellybeans.
Can I... take your trash?
I think we're good with
all the trash here right now.
I have a simple question
for you though.
Would you like to marry my wife and fund her
fancy-ass lifestyle?
We're just having
a conversation.
- You can...
- We're all good.
- Thank you.
- So we're good?
We're good then, huh?
Divorce is for losers, April.
We're not losers.
This is a wonderful day.
Toby, can I holler
at you for a moment?
Get your opinion
on something?
Mmm. Yeah.
I know we both love Mommy.
She's cool, right?
You notice anything
weird about her lately?
She's kinda acting like,
a little crazy.
Like, maybe like, mentally ill.
I don't know.
Maybe it's not
a chemical thing.
I hate to say it but...
maybe she just sucks.
I mean, maybe I just married
somebody who sucks.
Honestly, I'm just getting sick and tired of all
the damn head games, man.
Just... the withholdings
of affection.
Them skin-colored panties she has with the
skidmarks
with the busting elastic.
I mean, that's like a
middle finger to my libido.
- You know what libido is?
- No.
It's like these little beans inside of you
that make you horny.
These ladies
can't push the men around.
We've gotta be number one
in the house, you understand me?
- Yep.
Oh, I feel you, Dakota.
Wild animal stuck
in the chains of suburbia.
Huh. Reminds me of me.
That's what's so badass
about pro wrestling.
I mean, it's the only sport where
there's no official uniform.
I mean, you can come in with
jean shorts and be like,
- "That's part of my character."
Whoa. I'm sounding the boring alarm. Guy's tossing
it up.
- "Guy's tossing it up,"
what's that?
That's something I'm saying now.
It's my new catchphrase.
Let's move on before this guy
puts us all to sleep.
We have a very special guest
for you today.
She would never stab me
in the back.
And most of all, she's the funniest chick I know.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Put your hands together
for a true wild card,
tennis great, Candi Cox.
Candi Cox.
There she is.
A-ha-ha-ha.
Holla!
- Holla!
- What's up, girl?
Candi Cox in the hiz-ouse!
- Twerk it. Twerk it. Twerk it.
- Twerk it. Twerk it.
That's inappropriate.
Ha-ha. What's up, girl?
- Good to see you.
- Hey.
- Queen of the clay, right?
- Oh, I'm a huge fan of yours.
- Thank you.
we're all big fans of yours.
You're a beautiful lady
and an even better talent.
I mean, what an athlete. Candi, I don't know if
you've
ever met Kenny.
- Kenny, Candi. - Of course.
Kenny Powers, right?
Yeah. You're damn right.
Yeah, I have a friend in San Francisco,
used to date you.
That's no big surprise. I tore through
my fair share of ladies
when I did my time
in San Fran.
- Yeah. Except it was a dude.
- Oh! Oh!
- He said you was a twink man.
Mm-mm-mm-mm.
with a twink man?
- What is it, twink man?
- No. No.
I don't like young and
handsome dudes, all right.
a little older?
- No. No, I don't like any.
Everyone settle down.
I know what Candi's problem is.
- Candi's on her period.
I mean, I see all these
house flies buzzing around.
they can smell those eggs
bleeding out your pussy.
- Whoa, man.
No, no, no, no. No, no.
- Kenny, have some respect, man. - Ovulation is
nature's
only miracle.
- I can't talk about that? - Kenny, you don't talk
about
a lady's menstrual cycle.
- I don't think it's fair. - Kenny, knock it off.
You're digging a ditch.
- Not fair. - I'd like to apologize
to everybody out there
- in the audience. We'll be right back.
- OK? We're gonna wash Kenny's mouth out with
soap.
- Not me. Not apologizing.
- No, you're not. - And when we get back,
we'll continue the show.
- Very uncool.
- And we're clear.
- What the fuck is this?
- Oh, man.
- Kenny Powers is going 10-1.
- Fucking cock gobbler.
- Hey.
We don't make fun of
homosexuals on this show.
That's rule one, OK? Gays are the new blacks.
Get with it.
- When's your next tournament.
- September.
- September? All right.
- Yeah.
- Come on, you motherfucker.
Don't be rattled.
Man, you got this shit.
Candi Cox. Of course
they're laughing.
They're just being
fucking kind to her ass.
Coming out here twerking.
Fucking that broad comedy.
Fuck that bitch.
- You got the cock, bro.
You're the one
with the cock.
Use the fucking cock.
You fucking go out there.
You be confident, man.
The audience is loving your fucking vibe, bro.
Just fucking harness that.
-Just fucking radiate coolness.
Fucking comedy.
Sexual energy. Masculinity.
You are handsome.
You are loved. You are strong.
- Mm-hmm.
What the hell's so funny?
Candi Cox telling more
of her stupid jokes?
I guess they're just digging
your vibe, you know.
They're impressed with how
strong and powerful you are.
- four, three...
- Hot mic, champ.
Look at them titties, girl.
Ohh, I love how big they are.
They're like two big potatoes.
- Two big old potatoes. Perfect. - Stevie, what
the fuck
is this shit?
Oh, yo, dog. Check it.
I got Maria selling baked potatoes
like nobody's business.
What did I tell you, man? I said the only girls
who can work here
- gotta be hot chicks, man. - Yeah, but you didn't
specify
which hot chicks.
And I gotta pay for
Maria's new boob job...
...somehow.
Maria got a boob job,
I didn't even notice.
I don't look at her
in a sexual manner. Ever.
Show him. Show him.
Make Daddy proud.
- Impressive.
Actually, not bad.
Kinda evens you out
a little bit. OK...
There's a lot of children
walking around Rack Room Shoes.
Check it.
I got Maria working for us,
with those titties. Pimp style. This is what pimps
do.
Well, they better work.
I'm starting to second guess
this whole entire kiosk.
Yeah. Guy Young has me
in his cross hairs.
Trying to Dontel my ass.
Kenny, I thought you said
you couldn't lose.
I thought you had this on lockdown.
I need this gig.
- Ow! - You don't think
I need this?
I invested 5.7 thousand dollars
into this kiosk.
Fuck, Kenny. I know, I know.
My mind's everywhere.
How can I be a CEO
when I'm fighting two goddamn
battles on different fronts.
At home my marriage
is shitting the bed
and at work I'm dealing
with a military coup.
If we don't act fast,
Guy Young
is gonna burn everything
we love to the ground.
OK. OK, OK.
This is what we do.
Let me take care
of Guy Young.
And you, you deal with your
fucked up marriage at home.
I will personally
neutralize his ass.
- Can I trust you with this?
- Oh yeah.
I'm gonna skin him alive and
make a lamp out of his skin.
All right, Hannibal Lecter.
Settle down, all right.
We don't start with that, all right?
That's a last resort. 0
At this point, I think we just need
to send him a message.
Plain and simple.
Nobody messes with me.
Nobody messes with you.
And nobody...
messes with Maria's titties.
Is she gonna work today or is she gonna just sit
there
and eat fuckingpapas?
No, she's working.
I doo-doo-doo what to do
Next time I fall
In love
The next time I fall
- In love
Next time I fall...
Dixie.
very odd that I'd be
asking you for advice
when your life's in
fucking utter ruins.
But you're my last resort.
When's the first time
you realized
that your marriage was...
up shit creek
without a paddle.
Well, when you
revealed to me
that my husband was unfaithful and
addicted to drugs.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Course.
But before that. Like, were there any,
like, signs or anything?
No. Honestly,
there wasn't one.
That was the weirdest part.
Why do you ask?
Yep. She's being
fucking super crazy.
Talking about how she's unhappy and wanting
to seek other options
Oh my God.
Settle down. Don't get
all horny over my debacles.
No. I'm not. I'm just...
What on earth happened?
You guys were so
good together.
I don't know. That's what I'm
coming to you for.
You're her friend.
What's she saying?
You know. Is she
going through menopause?
She losing her memories?
Did a fucked up evil version
of her from the future come
and fucking try
to ruin my shit?
No. Nothing.
I mean,
everybody thought that
you were gonna dump her.
What the fuck?
Who... Who's everyone?
You know, the group.
You were just always gone,
married to your job.
I think everybody
just assumed that
you were maybe moving on
to a younger girl.
Jesus Christ! I mean, yes, of course,
I could do those things.
But I choose not to.
I'm a good Christian white man.
- Ugh. Sickening. - I can't believe
she's leaving you.
Hold your role, she ain't
leaving me, all right?
I'm bout to nip this shit
in the butt.
Kenny Powers is not getting
a fucking divorce.
I just gotta remind April
how dope her fucking life is.
I know we've had our
differences in the past,
but I may need your assistance
in the days to come.
- I can't lose my wife. - Sure.
I'll do what I can, Kenny.
No... OK, yeah. That's
what I'm asking you for.
You know, this is
actually nice, us chatting.
It's been hard since
Gene's been gone.
- You know, for me, it's been a lot of...
- Shhh.
Don't run your mouth too much.
It's not attractive.
This is about me right now.
I got big problems going on.
Oh, and, Dixie-noodles.
There's one more thing
you should know.
Gene never...
He...
He never came
inside that woman.
After a few pumps,
he withdrew his penis
and he started smashing it
between the ring and the lid of the toilet
for penance.
He still loves you.
You should give him
a second shot.
Thanks for your help.
Just a closer walk
with Thee
Grant it, Jesus,
if you please...
This dude is the answer
to our Guy Young problem.
Look how ginormous he is.
Well, it's no doubt this
gentlemen has acromegalia.
I just wonder if he's gonna be
big enough for Guy Young.
Guy Young ain't no scrub.
this guy ain't no scrub.
He knows mixed martial arts,
professional wrestling.
Sports. All that stuff.
I am weak,
but Thou art strong
He does have
a beautiful voice.
Jesus, keep me
- From all wrong
What we're primarily looking to do here
is send a message, OK?
Don't fuck him up too bad.
Stevie, does he know
what he's supposed to say?
Yeah. Say your line, Joel.
Hello, Guy Young.
I am a sports fans...
- That being said...
- That being said,
- I would appreciate it if you would give Kenny
Powers
more screen time.
And...
- Bit opportunities.
- Big opportunities.
Bit opportunities. Like comedic bits.
Like little riffs and stuff.
- All right. - Practice that a bunch, man.
You gotta have that down.
Because if you don't
fucking deliver the message,
this whole thing's a waste, OK?
- OK.
- Once you deliver the message,
give it about five seconds.
Let it sink in.
And then...
dealers choice.
- Whatever you want, dog.
- When do I get that cash?
You'll get half up front
and half when the deal's done.
- How much did we agree to pay him?
- Twenty-thousand dollars.
Twenty-thousand dollars?!
- You're serious?
- What?
You negotiated fucking
twenty-thousand dollars
- for a basic Alabama beatdown?
That's a fucking
1-8-7 price, man.
What the fuck's wrong with you?
I've never organized
a hit before.
- I don't...
- This isn't a fucking hit.
This isn't a fucking hit.
Don't say hit.
If you're gonna negotiate
like a dipshit,
you're gonna have to pay
the price.
Look, I'll pay you 75 bucks
and the difference is
coming out of your per diem.
- Out of my per diem?!
- Yep. That's what we're doing.
Oh! Look what the cat
dragged in.
It doesn't
have to be this way.
Well, this is
all your fault, man.
You were hungry and
I took you under my wing.
And then you bit the
underside of my fucking wing.
There's room on the show
for both of us.
A natural two-hander.
Two-hander my dick!
I gave you everything, Kenny.
And then you had
to challenge me.
Now you're going down,
motherfucker.
Hasn't enough blood
already been spilt?
- When does it end?
I'm gonna finish you,
once and for all.
- You motherfucker.
All right.
Let the best man win.
chin doctor, and it just...
He gave me these options.
It's such a difficult choice.
The chin is one of the foremost things
you see on a person's face.
OK. Here's an option.
The John Kerry.
What do you think?
- You don't like it.
- No.
You don't like it all.
I saw that by the look
on your face.
- Now this is the Aaron Eckhart
but it looks sort of more
like a butt chin, huh?
What about this?
- The John Travolta?
- Oh, someone's coming out.
Joel, you are on.
I'm gonna kill him.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm not giving out
autographs today, man.
Hello, Guy Young.
I am the fan of your show.
Being said, give Kenny Powers
all the scream times
- and big opportunities.
- Oh yeah.
Kenny Pow... What the fuck are you
talking about, man?
- What?
- Oh. Oh.
Look at me.
Look at me!
- Look at me. - Oh no! Oh...
Oh. Oh my God.
He saw me!
He's chasing us!
- Kenny?
Three, two, one...
She's like,
"What the fuck is this?"
No, but really,
what the fuck is this?
is a celebration
to remind you
how awesome your life is
and how cool everything
is between you and I.
- You invited all these people?
- Yeah.
These are all your friends from the past.
Some from the future.
They're new friends
that you'll meet tonight.
Yeah. I put out a Facebook
invite e-chat thing.
There's that person. There's them.
I forgot their names.
Oh, and look
who else is here.
- Jamie. Even though he moved to Orlando
- Oh. Jamie.
I chartered a private
jet so he could be here.
He said not to
say nothing so... sorry.
- It's all right. - Thanks for keeping the secret,
James.
Hey. There's one more
little surprise.
Look who's back on the scene,
Mean Gene.
The old spaghetti night crew,
reunited once again.
Trying to rebuild their
foundation of marriage.
Marriage is an important thing,
- to work on, to keep at.
- Right.
- You never quit a marriage.
Why is there a priest here?
Because after we have the April flavored
cherry cheesecake,
you and I... We're renewing
our vows, everyone.
- That's right. Yep.
In front of all these people.
- It's gonna be the shit.
- Baby, um...
This is...
This is too much right now.
- This is great. Just enjoy yourself.
Oh. You hear that?
Sounds like another
mystery guest has arrived.
Let me go get that.
Have fun. Enjoy yourself.
Everybody, celebrate April.
April's party.
- What the fuck are you doing here?
- Kenny.
Mission fail, dude.
OK, we gotta bow down.
- There is no winning this one.
- What are you talking about?
I'm talking about Joel. He blew it.
We gave him
too much dialogue.
OK. Guy Young
beat the shit out of him.
You do realize the fucking
taping is tomorrow?
- I know. I'm so sorry, Kenny.
I am so sorry.
What should we do?
What do you mean?
There's nothing we can do.
Guy's gonna castrate me
on the show tomorrow.
All because of you.
Is there a big party
going on in here?
Yes. I'm trying to
save my marriage.
- Why wasn't I invited?
- Because, Stevie,
you failed me.
But... that just
happened right now...
Everyone?
Everyone.
Can I get your attention,
please.
Everyone attentions, please.
Thank you.
Viv, shut up.
OK? Shut up.
Uhh, I just wanna thank you all once again
for coming out
to this special night
to celebrate my wife,
- April Powers.
And right now, I want to do something that's a
little
out of character for me.
Come on, baby doll. Come up here and let's
sing a duet together.
I don't wanna sing.
Well, I've had the time
of my fucking life
You recognize this song,
sweetheart?
- I don't wanna sing. - Come on, sweetheart.
This is your part.
I know what you're doing.
It's so sweet.
I don't really wanna sing.
Nope. You're part's almost up.
Um. I don't wanna sing. I don't... I don't want
any of this.
Kenny, it feels like
she doesn't want to sing.
- So maybe we'll move on.
- OK, Dixie.
Wonderful to have
your opinion in this thing.
But she was talking to me
and so I heard what she said.
OK. You know what? Fine.
This is April's party.
Fuck it. She doesn't want to
fucking sing. Karaoke's done.
There we are.
No more karaoke, everybody.
- I never asked for this party. - Well, April, I'm
trying
to make things better.
Kenny.
That's enough, Kenny.
Motherfucker, you wanna say something.
Motherfucker. '
You remember what
this does right here?
You're gonna get that
outta my face.
- Hey!
Hey, that is enough. Leave him alone.
You're acting crazy.
Oh, I'm acting crazy? Let's clear the air,
shall we?
Can we clear the air for a moment?
Guess what, Dixie?
Gene never cheated on you.
I lied about that
because I didn't want April
to know I was doing cocaine.
- True story. - That's true.
Thank you.
I nev... I told you, I never slept with anybody.
And then we got
fucking Tel over here.
Goddamn Indian dude
pretending to be white.
How much goddamn chicken
tikka masala do you eat?
None. You're a disgrace, Tel.
- That's enough. That's enough. - No. No, no. I'm
not done,
April.
- That's enough.
- I'm not done.
Because now I wanna turn
the spotlight onto you.
What can I do to make you happy now?
Let's try and see.
I can't invite your friends to a fucking party
'cause that's not enough.
I can't sing a fucking song with you
I can't buy fucking luxuries
and fancy cars
and expensive fur coats
and fine jewelry and chinas!
That's not enough either!
None of it's fucking enough!
What do you want?! Huh?
You want me to quit
my fucking job?!
Go back to being
your little bitch boy.
Well, it's not happening!
If anyone wants to take
my television job,
they'll have to do it
over my dead fucking body!
I think you need to leave.
- No. I'm the one who...
- No! You need to get out.
Get out.
May... Let's maybe we could
just take it down a notch.
- I'm done. I need you to go. - There's people
here
from out of town.
Maybe everyone's saying some
stuff they don't really mean.
No! I'm done.
You don't mean this, April...
I want you to get out!
- Get the fuck out!
- Goddamn, woman.
Throwing fucking
mustard at me.
Oh! I can fucking
break shit too!
I'm done.
- Fine. You want me out of here?
Party's over.
I guess I'll have to find somebody new to fall in
love
with who will appreciate these.
- Want some fucking rubies?
- Get the fuck out.
Some fucking emeralds?
Move. Get the fuck
out of the way.
Worst goddamn
"fix my marriage party" ever.
Dammit!
- Goodbye, friend.
It's not gonna be a problem.
Oh, there he is.
All right. I'll take care of it.
Don't worry about it.
I got it. I got it, I got it.
Oh, KP. I think I ran into
one of your fans yesterday.
Or... my foot met his face.
Wha!
- Look, man.
I just wanna apologize.
I know we're trapped in the midst of this
I wanna extend my hand
in an offering of peace.
My family life
is crumbling.
My marriage is almost over. My... April kicked me
out of the house last night.
I just don't think I have any more fight
left in me.
You win, Guy.
Please, just...
Tell the network to let me stay.
We can do things
how they were before.
You'll be in charge.
I'll know my place.
And it can just be like
how it was before.
I just can't lose
this job, Guy.
This is all I have.
I'm hurting, man.
I'm just trying to level
with you as a friend.
Well...
I'm not your friend.
I never was, OK?
You're a fucking loser.
OK? And you're not fit
to be out on that stage.
You should be out there
with the... with the normies.
With the plebeians.
You know?
With the fucking
redneck idiots
and the fucking
stupid jiggaboos.
...'cause they
see bright lights.
They want greatness
but they can't achieve it
so they love
watching it.
That's who I am. OK?
I can shit in my hand and say, "Hey, taste
my shit... asshole."
Those fucking morons
will eat that shit gladly.
Chew it right up.
Remember this moment.
I fucking win.
And, Kenny...
You're fucking out.
You're out.
You're fired.
And good luck to you.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Guy Young in the house.
- How's everybody doing tonight?
You're an asshole, Guy Young.
- No shit.
Hot mic, champ.
I'll be your jiggaboo.
- Fuck you!
Man, that's bullshit.
I win.